Add Organizational Data link to myteam-explore.md (#285)
MicrosoftDocs/Viva: Viva/insights/Use/myteam-explore.md

Research shows that happy employees help boost productivity and reduce turnover. As a manager, Microsoft Viva Insights has a **My team** page that shows you insights and suggestions that can help you maintain positive employee experiences, such as evaluating how much time your group is working after hours on email or instant messages, and if your group is getting enough 1:1 time with you and other managers.

> The **Group insights** section is available to managers who the Viva Insights admin specifies. Group insights are based all employees that report up to you as the manager, not just your immediate group members or direct reports. The admin uses the organizational data that is uploaded into Viva Insights in Workplace Analytics or that’s presented in Azure AD. For more information, see [Organizational data](organizational-data.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Group insights** section is available to managers whom the Viva Insights admin specifies. Group insights are based on all employees that report up to you as the manager, not just your immediate group members or direct reports. The admin uses the organizational data that is uploaded into Viva Insights in Workplace Analytics or that’s presented in Azure AD. For more information, see [Organizational data](organizational-data.md).
```
